Add features section (#22)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-ils: docs/features/statistics.md

# Statistics

Invenio ILS provides valuable tools for analyzing library operations and user interactions.

> ## Circulation Stats

Reviewer: this is not entirely the case

> Detailed statistics on item circulation help librarians understand borrowing patterns and make informed decisions about their collections. These insights are crucial for collection development and management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Statistics on most loaned books in a given period of time help librarians understand borrowing patterns. These insights are helpful for catalogue management.
```
